4783 - Add ids-upload-advanced, ids-progress (#51)
infor-design/enterprise-wc: src/ids-progress/README.md

# Ids Progress Component

## Description

> The IDS Progress component is a simple wrapper around a standard HTMLProgressElement that is styled with Infor branding, and contains some additional API that makes it easy to set progress, label, and functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displays feedback about a system process. Best for showing feedback about a system process that is not related to the current view. The IDS Progress component is a simple wrapper around a standard HTMLElement that is styled with Infor branding, and contains some additional API sthat makes it easy to set progress, label, and other functionality.
```
